#RandomFlow
Archives for HWs,experiments,course projects during my postgraduate period.

###Computational Aerodynamics(CE012002, Autumn 2015)
Course project, lectured by Prof. Liu Xue-qiang and Xia Jian.
In this project, I performed a simulation of the invisid flow over the NACA0012 airfoil.  
Although the legacy program were mainly writen in Fortran, I carried out this project using C++ from scratch.  


###Variational Principle and Finite Element Method(CE013009, Spring 2016)
Course project, lectured by Prof. Shi Zhi-yu.  
In this project, I wrote a short program to calculate the displacement and stress for a certain frame with the help of matlab.

###Unsteady Aerodynamics and Separated Flow(F012004, Spring 2016)
Final experiment, lectured by Prof. Lu Zhi-liang and Huang Da.  
In this experiment, I calculated the unsteady aerodynamics when the model was in a large scale motion with high rate. The program was based on CGAL.  
The results indicated the hysteresis effect of the unsteady aerodynamics examined in this experiment, and the estimation was consistent with tested data.

###Multi-objective Optimization in Fluid Mechanics(F012005, Spring 2016)
Final project, lectured by Prof. Chen Hong-quan.  

###High Precision Methods in Fluid Mechanics(F012010, Spring 2016)
Course project, supervised by Vice-Prof. Wu Jie.  
In this project, I implement the TLLBM(Taylor series and Least Square based Lattice Boltzmann Method) algorithm to simulate the flow passing a cylinder in 2D.  
The TLLBM I used is LBGK-D2Q9,which is very typical among its counterparts, and I gave out 4 groups of results where Re equals 20,40,100 and 200 respectively.The simulation results show out the Karman Vortex Street clearly, which is identical to experimental results when Re is not large.  
The Streamlines and Vorticity contours were generated by Tecplot,but I was not in favour of this software. Instead, I wrote 2 short python scripts to generate the convergence curves.  
